well I was attracted to the to the
Jazzmaster late in life when I was in
high school
and nobody thought this was a cool
guitar including me it wasn't until I
heard Marky Mumbai television that I
started become intrigued with the Fender
Jazzmaster but not enough to go get one
in fact it wasn't until I heard Sonic
Youth in the early 80s that I decided I
needed to get something with strings
behind the bridge it was really thinking
Thurston's case probably not a total
accident but maybe almost an accident
that they also look so cool I've just
said straight out that I pretty much
play won because of him and Tom Verlaine
and then I recorded with Mike Watt on
the ball hog or tugboat record on my
Jaguar realized that it wasn't really
cutting it for full on like balls out
rock that I was going to be doing
to her and Joe buys a showed up at my
old concert series playing this jazz
master and I thought he had switched
from his normal stratton this jazz
master and I was freaking out and I said
Joe where did you get that guitar he
said oh it's was he loaned it to me
while my stratts being reef read it she
says what you know watt has a black jazz
master and and so he said yeah yeah well
you know I'm gonna be giving it back to
him
so I actually asked what if I could
borrow it for the tour we were going to
start in summer of 95 and he said I
don't need this guitar you should just
buy it when the tour's over because I
didn't have any money and so I did buy
it the tour was over I remember wincing
slightly at the price it was $800 and
it's 59 I didn't know it was such a good
jazz master I had to think of it as my
rock guitar sights to just throw it
around and the drummer and the Geraldine
fibbers when I was playing with thank
Heaven gripped the strings often some
nights and bash it with drum sticks and
I was irreverent to say the least
towards it it wasn't until I started
investigating for jazz masters that I
realized it's a very good sounding
I love the sound of it just playing it
just now
you